Feat(web-react): Introduce `SplitButton` component #DS-1656 (#1939)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/SplitButton/README.md

# Split Button

The Split Button component groups multiple related actions a user can take, combining a button with additional options like a dropdown menu or tooltips for better usability.

> 👉 The **color** variant and **size** of the buttons are defined at the `SplitButton` component level and apply uniformly to **all buttons** within it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 The buttons' **color** and **size** are defined at the `SplitButton` component level and apply uniformly to **all buttons** within it.
```

  <Button>Button</Button>
  <Button>Button</Button>
</SplitButton>
```

Setting **size** for **all buttons**:

```jsx
<SplitButton size="large">
  <Button>Button</Button>
  <Button>Button</Button>
</SplitButton>
```

## Variant with Dropdown

You can add a Dropdown component inside a Split Button to provide additional actions.

Learn more about the [Dropdown][readme-dropdown] component in its documentation.

```jsx
const [isOpen, setIsOpen] = React.useState(false);
const onToggle = () => setIsOpen(!isOpen);

<SplitButton>
  <Button>Button</Button>
  <Dropdown id="split-button-dropdown-id" isOpen={isOpen} onToggle={onToggle}>
    <DropdownTrigger elementType={Button}>
      Dropdown
      <Icon name="chevron-down" marginLeft="space-400" />
    </DropdownTrigger>
    <DropdownPopover>Dropdown content</DropdownPopover>
  </Dropdown>
</SplitButton>;
```

## Variant with Tooltip

You can also add a tooltip to buttons, which is especially useful for buttons that contain only icons.

Learn more about the [Tooltip][readme-tooltip] component in its documentation.

```jsx
const [isOpen, setIsOpen] = React.useState(false);

<SplitButton>
  <Button>Button</Button>

>   <Tooltip id="split-button-tooltip-id" isOpen={open} onToggle={setOpen}>

Reviewer: `open` does not exist nor `setOpen`

    <TooltipTrigger elementType={Button}>
      Tooltip button
      <Icon name="download" />
    </TooltipTrigger>
    <TooltipPopover>Hello there!</TooltipPopover>
  </Tooltip>
</SplitButton>;
```

## Full Example

```jsx
const [isTooltipOpen, setIsTooltipOpen] = React.useState(false);
const [isDropdownOpen, setIsDropdownOpen] = React.useState(false);
const onDropdownToggle = () => setIsOpen(!isOpen);

<SplitButton color="secondary" size="large">
  <Button>Button</Button>
  <Tooltip id="split-button-tooltip-id" isOpen={isTooltipOpen} onToggle={setIsTooltipOpen}>

>     <TooltipTrigger elementType={Button}>

Reviewer: Do we want to add the correct `aria`s here?

Author: Some `aria` is done by the floating-ui:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b3708f7-15df-4683-8edc-375bac0b988d)

is it enough, or do we miss some?

Author: After discussion added `VisuallyHidden` component

```jsx
const [isTooltipOpen, setIsTooltipOpen] = React.useState(false);
const [isDropdownOpen, setIsDropdownOpen] = React.useState(false);
const onDropdownToggle = () => setIsOpen(!isOpen);

<SplitButton color="secondary" size="large">
  <Button>Button</Button>
  <Tooltip id="split-button-tooltip-id" isOpen={isTooltipOpen} onToggle={setIsTooltipOpen}>
    <TooltipTrigger elementType={Button}>
      <VisuallyHidden>download</VisuallyHidden>
      <Icon name="download" />
    </TooltipTrigger>
    <TooltipPopover>Hello there!</TooltipPopover>
  </Tooltip>
  <Dropdown id="split-button-dropdown-id" isOpen={isDropdownOpen} onToggle={onDropdownToggle}>
    <DropdownTrigger elementType={Button}>
      Dropdown
      <Icon name="chevron-down" marginLeft="space-400" />
    </DropdownTrigger>
    <DropdownPopover>Dropdown content</DropdownPopover>
  </Dropdown>
</SplitButton>;
```

## API

| Name    | Type                                                                                                | Default   | Required | Description   |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | -------- | ------------- |

> | `color` | [Component Button Color dictionary][dictionary-color], [Emotion Color dictionary][dictionary-color] | `primary` | ✕        | Color variant |

Author: **note for myself**: fix type - remove emotion colors and 'plain' color from button colors
